So now, after the successful creation of the flame, we are going to have some customization to the
flame where the game is being run.
So you must have seen that on running this snake dance class.
The flame opens to the top left section.
Let me run this and show it to you.
Yes.
So the frame opens at the top left corner and there is option to maximize it and minimize.
So if it won the game in a limited frame like us, fixed height and fixed rate for this thing to be
colliding and all completed again.
So we have to fix this to fix our border.
And also, it should be open in the middle of the page, not in the top left corner.
The top left corner is the origin light.
Here it is zero two locations.
So we have to move this to the middle.
Not open here.
It should be opened in the middle of the page by default on Romney.
So like this, right?
I think some call for doing so.
So we have to set location.
Relating to natural.
Segregation, a letters to companies and passing the argument as no.
Also for.
For the size to be not altered, a fixed name should be fixed in the beginning, so I have said resizable
as false.
So the frame can't be minimized or maximized later towards.
Now let us try to run this.
On running this.
The frame opens in them office.
So now we have said, let's say, to design the false positives are false parameters.
The frame is now not able to be maximized or minimized.
It is showing up like invisible part is shown for the maximized.
But then we can close this and open this and escape from this.
Now our aim should be to set that guidance for this scheme, like after this Java coffee mug option.
We have to show our side.
So for setting the timer as we have already used this feature, serve the title as inside this.
They have to pass their title for the game like suppose I am passing it as Snake or Ophelia.
No, snake, Ofelia.
Yes, perfect.
So I have said that done for the game.
Now let me try to run this and see if the title is perfectly on.
OK, so we have said the title for the flame inside which the game is going to be played.
Now, after sending that title, moving the frame to the middle of the page, setting the recyclability
two floors, we will have a black screen like a document screen for Disney for a better appearance of
the game.
Now we have completed this snake glass moving towards the board glass in the Boulder Java file.
We've set up magnum color for the frame.
So inside the board object, I am going to set goal this set background.
Yes.
So I am calling this segment down Mentone and inside, which I am passing no color as color, not black
as they want the background to be black in color.
So let try and run this if it is perfectly working or not.
So waiting for the execution.
Yes, it is perfectly, said Tony Blair, our background in black, our starting is done.
Now switching to the fact that they have been a prototype and see what tasks are so be performed after
the creation of the same.
So yes, we have created a our project.
Are there the images to the project inside Dyck and folder?
We have created a frame.
Now we have to place images inside the frame and complete the images section after which we will be
ironing keyboard events and action is next to the project.
So let's begin closing this and now trying to add some more -- for the image section.
Now in our of finding images inside the frame, firstly, we have to create a function called as public
law images.
So firstly, we have to load the images to our program tree and then only we can set positions for it,
or we can say that we can discern the places where they're going to be.
So calling a major icon?
I suppose for the first one, like it was Apple, so naming it as I one image, one this implies and
imagery going again and inside this, they are going to call Glass Lauder companies.
Plus, Northern Dart gets system.
Plus system resource.
So that's a hard one.
And inside this, we have to call the parts for they need.
So we have to this inside the bracket.
I am testing it.
And inside the name, they have said that far right, we have.
So we have to tighten up up Afghanistan's before too, like if we close, we have to ride the path from
hell.
So inside a side, see, we have an icon.
So I am writing it.
Does I then?
Inside, I guess we have applejack brandy.
So I think it does.
Icons slash apple, not BMG.
So this is the part for the Apple object.
The program has lawyers now, similarly for the boat guards, the green one and the one, so copping
this part from her.
And trying to paste it.
Normal times.
Father, green daughter and the red dot, which is the head of changing it, does let me see the path.
It says daughter Benji the green one and Heather Benji for the ride.
So each second one should be simple the head.
So the head one is the head nod Benji and the third one green door as.
Dot dot.
Do you think it was a strike?
Yes.
So there are no letters, no.
That is a great underlined in this story today.
So firstly, we have to.
Call it in the.
Class board, so inside the class board, we have to create the private like a global variable for all
the tremendous.
Without which we are not able to call the images anywhere in the program so far globally declaring it,
we have to do this three more times.
Image by letting.
Let us copy this two more times.
So pasting it two more times for the Herald and the North.
So far, they're not.
And for the head.
Yes.
So this is done now.
So after earning the images as the global body was now so up make the images are bad enough and we have
the quality.
I do not get it.
So using that image mentor, we are going to call these three images now for the Guardian in part,
like, let me show we have a coordinate.
This is the y axis and this is the x axis.
So thinking it does a coordinate, we have the X coordinate and coordinate.
So we have to call global variables as an array like X and Y, and we have total three hundred dart
total.
Three hundred into three hundred is nine hundred.
So we have three hundred as our Vic.
Let me show this to you in the more section.
Yes.
So we have said the preferred sizes three hundred by 300.
So love all our small sum up to nine to nine hundred like handed this to me.
Under this, every line contains three hundred dollars.
So on multiplying it, we can see that there are nine hundred dollars in total and we have set a random
position for the snake.
So under our daughter's ten.
So basically the size of their daughter is ten units in the beginning and then no position for that.
But we can see that the Apple changes its position after every stone like this.
Try to run this and see what I am talking about.
So when we try to run this snake, but if I.
We can see that the game begins and the snake.
So this is the new program.
Let me show this to you in the minute.
So when we started the game now but have a random position anywhere in the frame and the snakes start
from this point, you see the cards thus need stars from some disposition every time and opportunities
position.
So we have a fixed position for the object and a random position for the Apple.
So they're not is fixed and the Apple has a random position.
After this, we have said all the positions.
Now we have the images of images.
In the beginning we have three dogs, so we have to add one dart after another.
And for this, we are going to use a funnel inside the new public image class.
So public static.
A public void in me and inside me.
I am going to create a follow so that images can manage one after another.
It's like void and inside.
We are going to have no follow up.
So we have created a for loop for the imagination in this next morning.
So initially we have three doors.
Let me be clarify, some let here as private and as the dark sizes integer, so we have to initialize
it.
That's private and not.
So after this, the deadline is vanished, so after which the final part is executed, that we have
a starting position for the first remains and it should be less than two hours initially it is three
a.m. It is no.
One size as the snakes eat Snapple and grows in size.
So the initial position is that as the x axis is 50 minus then and y axis, so the distance from the
X and y axis for this NE is so this is the distance from the y axis and this entire distance from the
x axis.
So the body of this may have this distance from what the axis in the beginning.
And after creating these new functions, we have to call it inside the board object as loading images
on a need to do so, we have successfully created two parts of the four them AV node images and you
is now in the next part.
We are going to create that position for the apples and the rest, apart from the filter type we have
created.
So see you in the next five.